# Generated from fontmath.ltx

alpha              cmm  174  97 mathord
beta               cmm  175  98 mathord
gamma              cmm  176 103 mathord
delta              cmm  177 100 mathord
epsilon            cmm  178   0 mathord
zeta               cmm  179 122 mathord
eta                cmm  180 104 mathord
theta              cmm  181 113 mathord
iota               cmm  182 105 mathord
kappa              cmm  183 107 mathord
lambda             cmm  184 108 mathord
mu                 cmm  185 109 mathord
nu                 cmm  186 110 mathord
xi                 cmm  187 120 mathord
pi                 cmm  188 112 mathord
rho                cmm  189 114 mathord
sigma              cmm  190 115 mathord
tau                cmm  191 116 mathord
upsilon            cmm  192 117 mathord
phi                cmm  193 102 mathord
chi                cmm  194  99 mathord
psi                cmm   32 121 mathord
omega              cmm   33 119 mathord
varepsilon         cmm   34 101 mathord
vartheta           cmm   35  74 mathord
varpi              cmm   36 118 mathord
varrho             cmm   37   0 mathord
varsigma           cmm   38  86 mathord
varphi             cmm   39 106 mathord
Gamma              cmr  161  71 mathalpha
Delta              cmr  162  68 mathalpha
Theta              cmr  163  81 mathalpha
Lambda             cmr  164  76 mathalpha
Xi                 cmr  165  88 mathalpha
Pi                 cmr  166  80 mathalpha
Sigma              cmr  167  83 mathalpha
Upsilon            cmr  168 161 mathalpha
Phi                cmr  169  70 mathalpha
Psi                cmr  170  89 mathalpha
Omega              cmr  173  87 mathalpha
aleph              cmsy  64 192 mathord
imath              cmm  123   0 mathord
jmath              cmm  124   0 mathord
ell                cmm   96   0 mathord
wp                 cmm  125 195 mathord
Re                 cmsy  60 194 mathord
Im                 cmsy  61 193 mathord
partial            cmm   64 182 mathord
infty              cmsy  49 165 mathord
prime              cmsy  48 162 mathord
emptyset           cmsy  59   0 mathord
nabla              cmsy 114 209 mathord
top                cmsy  62   0 mathord
bot                cmsy  63  94 mathord
triangle           cmsy  52   0 mathord
forall             cmsy  56  34 mathord
exists             cmsy  57  36 mathord
neg                cmsy  58 216 mathord
flat               cmm   91   0 mathord
natural            cmm   92   0 mathord
sharp              cmm   93  35 mathord
clubsuit           cmsy 124 167 mathord
diamondsuit        cmsy 125 168 mathord
heartsuit          cmsy 126 169 mathord
spadesuit          cmsy 127 170 mathord
coprod             cmex  96   0 mathop
bigvee             cmex  87   0 mathop
bigwedge           cmex  86   0 mathop
biguplus           cmex  85   0 mathop
bigcap             cmex  84   0 mathop
bigcup             cmex  83   0 mathop
int                cmex  82 242 mathop
prod               cmex  81 213 mathop
sum                cmex  80 229 mathop
bigotimes          cmex  78   0 mathop
bigoplus           cmex  76   0 mathop
bigodot            cmex  74   0 mathop
oint               cmex  72   0 mathop
bigsqcup           cmex  70   0 mathop
smallint           cmsy 115   0 mathop
triangleleft       cmm   47   0 mathbin
triangleright      cmm   46   0 mathbin
bigtriangleup      cmsy  52   0 mathbin
bigtriangledown    cmsy  53   0 mathbin
wedge              cmsy  94 217 mathbin
vee                cmsy  95 218 mathbin
cap                cmsy  92 199 mathbin
cup                cmsy  91 200 mathbin
ddagger            cmsy 122   0 mathbin
dagger             cmsy 121   0 mathbin
sqcap              cmsy 117   0 mathbin
sqcup              cmsy 116   0 mathbin
uplus              cmsy  93   0 mathbin
amalg              cmsy 113   0 mathbin
diamond            cmsy 166 224 mathbin
bullet             cmsy 178 183 mathbin
wr                 cmsy 111   0 mathbin
div                cmsy 165 184 mathbin
odot               cmsy 175   0 mathbin
oslash             cmsy 174 198 mathbin
otimes             cmsy 173 196 mathbin
ominus             cmsy 170   0 mathbin
oplus              cmsy 169 197 mathbin
mp                 cmsy 168   0 mathbin
pm                 cmsy 167 177 mathbin
circ               cmsy 177   0 mathbin
bigcirc            cmsy 176   0 mathbin
setminus           cmsy 110   0 mathbin
cdot               cmsy 162 215 mathbin
ast                cmsy 164   0 mathbin
times              cmsy 163 180 mathbin
star               cmm   63   0 mathbin
propto             cmsy  47 181 mathrel
sqsubseteq         cmsy 118   0 mathrel
sqsupseteq         cmsy 119   0 mathrel
parallel           cmsy 107   0 mathrel
mid                cmsy 106 124 mathrel
dashv              cmsy  97   0 mathrel
vdash              cmsy  96   0 mathrel
nearrow            cmsy  37   0 mathrel
searrow            cmsy  38   0 mathrel
nwarrow            cmsy  45   0 mathrel
swarrow            cmsy  46   0 mathrel
Leftrightarrow     cmsy  44 219 mathrel
Leftarrow          cmsy  40 220 mathrel
Rightarrow         cmsy  41 222 mathrel
leq                cmsy 183 163 mathrel
geq                cmsy 184 179 mathrel
succ               cmsy 194   0 mathrel
prec               cmsy 193   0 mathrel
approx             cmsy 188 187 mathrel
succeq             cmsy 186   0 mathrel
preceq             cmsy 185   0 mathrel
supset             cmsy 190 201 mathrel
subset             cmsy 189 204 mathrel
supseteq           cmsy 182 202 mathrel
subseteq           cmsy 181 205 mathrel
in                 cmsy  50 206 mathrel
ni                 cmsy  51  39 mathrel
gg                 cmsy 192   0 mathrel
ll                 cmsy 191   0 mathrel
leftrightarrow     cmsy  36 171 mathrel
leftarrow          cmsy  32 172 mathrel
rightarrow         cmsy  33 174 mathrel
mapstochar         cmsy  55   0 mathrel
sim                cmsy 187 126 mathrel
simeq              cmsy  39   0 mathrel
perp               cmsy  63   0 mathrel
equiv              cmsy 180 186 mathrel
asymp              cmsy 179   0 mathrel
smile              cmm   94   0 mathrel
frown              cmm   95   0 mathrel
leftharpoonup      cmm   40   0 mathrel
leftharpoondown    cmm   41   0 mathrel
rightharpoonup     cmm   42   0 mathrel
rightharpoondown   cmm   43   0 mathrel
lhook              cmm   44   0 mathrel
rhook              cmm   45   0 mathrel
ldotp              cmm   58   0 mathpunct
cdotp              cmsy 162   0 mathpunct
colon              cmr   58   0 mathpunct
arrowvert          cmsy 106   0 mathord
Arrowvert          cmsy 107   0 mathord
Vert               cmsy 107   0 mathord
vert               cmsy 106   0 mathord
uparrow            cmsy  34 173 mathrel
downarrow          cmsy  35 175 mathrel
updownarrow        cmsy 108   0 mathrel
Uparrow            cmsy  42 221 mathrel
Downarrow          cmsy  43 223 mathrel
Updownarrow        cmsy 109   0 mathrel
backslash          cmsy 110   0 mathord
rangle             cmsy 105 241 mathclose
langle             cmsy 104 225 mathopen
rbrace             cmsy 103   0 mathclose
lbrace             cmsy 102   0 mathopen
rceil              cmsy 101 249 mathclose
lceil              cmsy 100 233 mathopen
rfloor             cmsy  99 251 mathclose
lfloor             cmsy  98 235 mathopen
mathparagraph      cmsy 123   0 mathord
mathsection        cmsy 120   0 mathord
mathdollar         cmr   36   0 mathord

# Generated from amsfonts.sty

yen                msa   85   0 mathord
checkmark          msa   88   0 mathord
circledR           msa  114   0 mathord
maltese            msa  122   0 mathord
ulcorner           msa  112   0 mathopen
urcorner           msa  113   0 mathclose
llcorner           msa  120   0 mathopen
lrcorner           msa  121   0 mathclose
rightleftharpoons  msa  173   0 mathrel
angle              msa   92 208 mathord
hbar               msb  126   0 mathord
sqsubset           msa   64   0 mathrel
sqsupset           msa   65   0 mathrel
mho                msb  102   0 mathord
square             msa  164   0 mathord
lozenge            msa  167   0 mathord
vartriangleright   msa   66   0 mathrel
vartriangleleft    msa   67   0 mathrel
trianglerighteq    msa   68   0 mathrel
trianglelefteq     msa   69   0 mathrel
rightsquigarrow    msa   32   0 mathrel
lhd                msa   67   0 mathbin
unlhd              msa   69   0 mathbin
rhd                msa   66   0 mathbin
unrhd              msa   68   0 mathbin

# Generated from amssymb.sty

boxdot             msa  161   0 mathbin
boxplus            msa  162   0 mathbin
boxtimes           msa  163   0 mathbin
blacksquare        msa  165   0 mathord
centerdot          msa  166   0 mathbin
blacklozenge       msa  168   0 mathord
circlearrowright   msa  169   0 mathrel
circlearrowleft    msa  170   0 mathrel
leftrightharpoons  msa  174   0 mathrel
boxminus           msa  175   0 mathbin
Vdash              msa  176   0 mathrel
Vvdash             msa  177   0 mathrel
vDash              msa  178   0 mathrel
twoheadrightarrow  msa  179   0 mathrel
twoheadleftarrow   msa  180   0 mathrel
leftleftarrows     msa  181   0 mathrel
rightrightarrows   msa  182   0 mathrel
upuparrows         msa  183   0 mathrel
downdownarrows     msa  184   0 mathrel
upharpoonright     msa  185   0 mathrel
downharpoonright   msa  186   0 mathrel
upharpoonleft      msa  187   0 mathrel
downharpoonleft    msa  188   0 mathrel
rightarrowtail     msa  189   0 mathrel
leftarrowtail      msa  190   0 mathrel
leftrightarrows    msa  191   0 mathrel
rightleftarrows    msa  192   0 mathrel
Lsh                msa  193   0 mathrel
Rsh                msa  194   0 mathrel
leftrightsquigarrow msa   33   0 mathrel
looparrowleft      msa   34   0 mathrel
looparrowright     msa   35   0 mathrel
circeq             msa   36   0 mathrel
succsim            msa   37   0 mathrel
gtrsim             msa   38   0 mathrel
gtrapprox          msa   39   0 mathrel
multimap           msa   40   0 mathrel
therefore          msa   41  92 mathrel
because            msa   42   0 mathrel
doteqdot           msa   43   0 mathrel
triangleq          msa   44   0 mathrel
precsim            msa   45   0 mathrel
lesssim            msa   46   0 mathrel
lessapprox         msa   47   0 mathrel
eqslantless        msa   48   0 mathrel
eqslantgtr         msa   49   0 mathrel
curlyeqprec        msa   50   0 mathrel
curlyeqsucc        msa   51   0 mathrel
preccurlyeq        msa   52   0 mathrel
leqq               msa   53   0 mathrel
leqslant           msa   54   0 mathrel
lessgtr            msa   55   0 mathrel
backprime          msa   56   0 mathord
risingdotseq       msa   58   0 mathrel
fallingdotseq      msa   59   0 mathrel
succcurlyeq        msa   60   0 mathrel
geqq               msa   61   0 mathrel
geqslant           msa   62   0 mathrel
gtrless            msa   63   0 mathrel
bigstar            msa   70   0 mathord
between            msa   71   0 mathrel
blacktriangledown  msa   72   0 mathord
blacktriangleright msa   73   0 mathrel
blacktriangleleft  msa   74   0 mathrel
vartriangle        msa   77   0 mathrel
blacktriangle      msa   78   0 mathord
triangledown       msa   79   0 mathord
eqcirc             msa   80   0 mathrel
lesseqgtr          msa   81   0 mathrel
gtreqless          msa   82   0 mathrel
lesseqqgtr         msa   83   0 mathrel
gtreqqless         msa   84   0 mathrel
Rrightarrow        msa   86   0 mathrel
Lleftarrow         msa   87   0 mathrel
veebar             msa   89   0 mathbin
barwedge           msa   90   0 mathbin
doublebarwedge     msa   91   0 mathbin
measuredangle      msa   93   0 mathord
sphericalangle     msa   94   0 mathord
varpropto          msa   95   0 mathrel
smallsmile         msa   96   0 mathrel
smallfrown         msa   97   0 mathrel
Subset             msa   98   0 mathrel
Supset             msa   99   0 mathrel
Cup                msa  100   0 mathbin
Cap                msa  101   0 mathbin
curlywedge         msa  102   0 mathbin
curlyvee           msa  103   0 mathbin
leftthreetimes     msa  104   0 mathbin
rightthreetimes    msa  105   0 mathbin
subseteqq          msa  106   0 mathrel
supseteqq          msa  107   0 mathrel
bumpeq             msa  108   0 mathrel
Bumpeq             msa  109   0 mathrel
lll                msa  110   0 mathrel
ggg                msa  111   0 mathrel
circledS           msa  115   0 mathord
pitchfork          msa  116   0 mathrel
dotplus            msa  117   0 mathbin
backsim            msa  118   0 mathrel
backsimeq          msa  119   0 mathrel
complement         msa  123   0 mathord
intercal           msa  124   0 mathbin
circledcirc        msa  125   0 mathbin
circledast         msa  126   0 mathbin
circleddash        msa  127   0 mathbin
lvertneqq          msb  161   0 mathrel
gvertneqq          msb  162   0 mathrel
nleq               msb  163   0 mathrel
ngeq               msb  164   0 mathrel
nless              msb  165   0 mathrel
ngtr               msb  166   0 mathrel
nprec              msb  167   0 mathrel
nsucc              msb  168   0 mathrel
lneqq              msb  169   0 mathrel
gneqq              msb  170   0 mathrel
nleqslant          msb  173   0 mathrel
ngeqslant          msb  174   0 mathrel
lneq               msb  175   0 mathrel
gneq               msb  176   0 mathrel
npreceq            msb  177   0 mathrel
nsucceq            msb  178   0 mathrel
precnsim           msb  179   0 mathrel
succnsim           msb  180   0 mathrel
lnsim              msb  181   0 mathrel
gnsim              msb  182   0 mathrel
nleqq              msb  183   0 mathrel
ngeqq              msb  184   0 mathrel
precneqq           msb  185   0 mathrel
succneqq           msb  186   0 mathrel
precnapprox        msb  187   0 mathrel
succnapprox        msb  188   0 mathrel
lnapprox           msb  189   0 mathrel
gnapprox           msb  190   0 mathrel
nsim               msb  191   0 mathrel
ncong              msb  192   0 mathrel
diagup             msb  193   0 mathord
diagdown           msb  194   0 mathord
varsubsetneq       msb   32   0 mathrel
varsupsetneq       msb   33   0 mathrel
nsubseteqq         msb   34   0 mathrel
nsupseteqq         msb   35   0 mathrel
subsetneqq         msb   36   0 mathrel
supsetneqq         msb   37   0 mathrel
varsubsetneqq      msb   38   0 mathrel
varsupsetneqq      msb   39   0 mathrel
subsetneq          msb   40   0 mathrel
supsetneq          msb   41   0 mathrel
nsubseteq          msb   42   0 mathrel
nsupseteq          msb   43   0 mathrel
nparallel          msb   44   0 mathrel
nmid               msb   45   0 mathrel
nshortmid          msb   46   0 mathrel
nshortparallel     msb   47   0 mathrel
nvdash             msb   48   0 mathrel
nVdash             msb   49   0 mathrel
nvDash             msb   50   0 mathrel
nVDash             msb   51   0 mathrel
ntrianglerighteq   msb   52   0 mathrel
ntrianglelefteq    msb   53   0 mathrel
ntriangleleft      msb   54   0 mathrel
ntriangleright     msb   55   0 mathrel
nleftarrow         msb   56   0 mathrel
nrightarrow        msb   57   0 mathrel
nLeftarrow         msb   58   0 mathrel
nRightarrow        msb   59   0 mathrel
nLeftrightarrow    msb   60   0 mathrel
nleftrightarrow    msb   61   0 mathrel
divideontimes      msb   62   0 mathbin
varnothing         msb   63   0 mathord
nexists            msb   64   0 mathord
Finv               msb   96   0 mathord
Game               msb   97   0 mathord
eth                msb  103   0 mathord
eqsim              msb  104   0 mathrel
beth               msb  105   0 mathord
gimel              msb  106   0 mathord
daleth             msb  107   0 mathord
lessdot            msb  108   0 mathbin
gtrdot             msb  109   0 mathbin
ltimes             msb  110   0 mathbin
rtimes             msb  111   0 mathbin
shortmid           msb  112   0 mathrel
shortparallel      msb  113   0 mathrel
smallsetminus      msb  114   0 mathbin
thicksim           msb  115   0 mathrel
thickapprox        msb  116   0 mathrel
approxeq           msb  117   0 mathrel
succapprox         msb  118   0 mathrel
precapprox         msb  119   0 mathrel
curvearrowleft     msb  120   0 mathrel
curvearrowright    msb  121   0 mathrel
digamma            msb  122   0 mathord
varkappa           msb  123   0 mathord
Bbbk               msb  124   0 mathord
hslash             msb  125   0 mathord
backepsilon        msb  127   0 mathrel

neq                x   0 185 mathrel
textdegree         x   0 176 mathord
cong               x   0  64 mathrel
surd               x   0 214 mathord
